docs: add links to solutions repositories (#6329)
apollographql/router: docs/source/reference/migration/from-gateway.mdx

## Reporting migration issues

If you encounter a migration issue that isn't resolved by this article, please search for existing [GitHub discussions](https://github.com/apollographql/router/discussions/) and start a new discussion if you don't find what you're looking for.

## Additional resources

> You can use the Apollo Solutions [router proxy migration strategy repository](https://github.com/apollosolutions/router-extensibility-load-testing) to run both `@apollo/gateway` and Apollo Router and conditionally proxy traffic to the router for a gradual release.

Reviewer: fix the link for proxy migration

```suggestion
You can use the Apollo Solutions [router proxy migration strategy repository](https://github.com/apollosolutions/router-node-proxy) to run both `@apollo/gateway` and Apollo Router and conditionally proxy traffic to the router for a gradual release.
```
